Excellent.
We are down with our hero element.
Next one up.
We have the about section now within the about section.
There's gonna be some global stars.
So let's say we're going to work on our section class.
Then we're also gonna set up our title that we are later on gonna reuse.
And then there's going to be a two column layout using legs marks.
Once we get to a bigger screen size as you see we have here our image as well as the info but when we're
gonna be on a smaller screen size both of them are going to be stacked on top of each other and only
once we get to a bigger screen size then we're gonna use our pseudo element.
And in this case we're gonna use before where we're going to set up this particular layout when there's
gonna be some pseudo element with a border.
And this is going to give us this nice look where we have not only the image but also a little bit of
styling.
Now let's start very simply by adding all our HD email so let's head over back to the indexation amount.
Then I'm gonna head over back to my end of header and let's create two comments about section.
Copy and paste and end about Section 9 within the about section.
What are we going to do.
Well let's start by creating a section.
You know what.
I'm gonna scroll down just so we can see a little bit better.
So section it is going to have two classes a generic section class as well as the about class and I
would also like to add adhd with a value of about.
Now let's start by creating a title so title.
Let's copy and paste the comment and title like so.
And then again title is going to be an element that we are going to reuse all throughout our section.
So let's start by creating div with the class of the title wrapper like so.
And then within this title let's set up a hearing too with a class of title let's say title and then
let's just write about and then let's set up this plan and then within the span where we also add a
class of subtitle and then let's write us and that is going to be our title.
Now of course we haven't styled anything but later on we're gonna do exactly that.
Then right after the title we're gonna set up another div we're gonna call this about Senator and this
Davis specifically therefore centering because that is going to be our Flex box parent container.
So let's write first of all a class of about centre.
But I'm also gonna add a generic class or a global C asset class that is just gonna add some padding.
And of course we haven't created that class yet but we're gonna do that in a second.
So let's write section center and then within this div there is going to be two articles one by the
name of about image.
And the second one about full.
So let's write about image and then like I said let's have the article article online as far as articles
those concerned well we're gonna set up about I am G class for this article and then let's place in
fact our image.
So let's say image then again we're gonna navigate through images then let's look for about J Peg and
why don't we also add a class of about photo so class about for.
And then for alternative why don't we write awesome are some beach like so and then like I said we have
the about image and that's number one.
But I'd also like to place in fact about info now Norris since we do have our global stars for images.
Our image is not in fact getting out of the page so it is nicely sitting with a waste of parent container
which in our case is our article because we do have this with a hundred as well as the margin in the
bottom of course that is that annoying margin that is in fact missing right now.
So we successfully added in our global styles.
So now we don't have to deal with it anymore.
So let's write about in full and then forward about it from going again to start with article.
Let's add a class of about in with me in fact selected properly and I'm gonna go with a hearing tree.
We explore the difference the difference like so and then let's add two paragraphs.
Let's say first paragraph is going to be I don't know 15 words or 20 words.
It doesn't really matter.
That is going to be my first paragraph or you know what I'm going gonna add more words when we delete
this and we're gonna go for let's say 20 then I'm going to copy and paste in fact this particular paragraph
like so and all the way in the bottom right after the two paragraphs we're gonna set up in fact our
button primary so button primary is gonna be very familiar to our button white but there's going to
be some differences so let's have our link.
Now this case is going to be a dummy link not the reason why I'm adding the hashtag here and let's just
write class BD and primary which of course we haven't started yet.
And let's just write read more.
That is our age the email for about section and now we're ready to proceed with our C says.